and document. This completes
the software developer lifecycle.
So in our next
lesson, we're going to
put this stuff to
work, right? I fully
realized that we have
been operating on this
kind of simple toy
example. That's fine, right?
Obviously we're not focused
on what is getting
built. There isn't, enough
time for me to
cover all the different
codebase types and
codebase applications that
every engineer watching this
is operating in. There
just isn't enough time.
So this exactly doesn't
matter. But what does
matter here, and in
our next lessons, we're
gonna showcase this. What
matters is the velocity
you can achieve with